hello I'm Joe from West Coast bartending
today we're going to be going over 13
summer specials we also supply
bartenders for all your bartending needs
from birthday parties to private parties
to weddings all of our bartenders are
west coast certified so that you know
that the delivery will be nothing shy of
exquisite the first drink we're going to
be going over is the top-shelf margarita
so we're going to go with a margarita
glass I sit up top shops are going to be
using patron about announce announce to
the to the line there so you kind of
eyeball it I'm going to get some sweet
and sour and we're going to be using
orange liqueur from France Grand Marnier
instead of the triple sec it's a little
bit better and we're going to go ahead
and blend it next one is going to be a
blue Hawaii blue Hawaii it's going to be
going also in a tropical glass of
margarita glass and we're going to be
using Malibu rum which is the call
another ounce give it a four count for
an ounce count to four and we're going
to be using a pineapple because there's
a lot of pineapples in Hawaii and
there's a lot of water in Hawaii so club
soda is going to be our our water
surrounding Hawaii you've got a little
bit of club soda in our pitcher here and
to give it that name the blue Hawaii has
to be blue so we're going to use blue
curacao which is an orange liqueur two
counts on top very good looking drink
and to top it off we'll put a garnish on
that to make it look extra special
there we go and we can never go out bill
without straw so we've got to put some
straws on that and there we go blue
Hawaii move these off to the side here
so you can see all the other drinks I'm
going to be making alright so the next
drink is going to be a mai tai we're
going to make that with a mandarin vodka
so it already has orange juice in there
so mandarin is orange flavored vodka so
that would add a little bit more flavor
to the drink so we're going to go four
counts
a little bit of amaretto which is a non
Mon the Cure from Italy two counts and
we're going to go with orange liqueur
grandma on ye two counts a little bit of
lemon sweet and sour and from here you
got a couple three juices so just kind
of even space the juices out got a
little bit of pineapple juice orange
juice and finish it off we're going to
be using dark Meyers rum which is a
Jamaican rum two counts and we go to my
tie very good my time how's everything
in that you need if it doesn't have it
you don't want it next week we're going
to be doing is an Alabama slammer
Alabama slammer changing it up a little
bit with our different looks in a
Collins glass so I bandwidth slammer is
southern comfort which is a whiskey
liquor going to go ahead and go four
counts on that as an ounce a little bit
of amaretto your almond liqueur from
Italy a little bit of sloe gin made from
sloe berries two counts and our mix is
going to be orange juice
all of these are exotic drinks so we're
going to always try to make them look
really nice with a black garnish and
false cross very very good-looking drink
very nice next we're going to be doing
is a Bahama Mama Bahama Mama so we're
going to be using a Malibu rum instead
of regular one doing everything top
shelf here a little bit of pineapple and
oranges because those juices go good
together all the time well if you like
pineapple and orange juice to serve this
is the drink for you and that's just to
change the color up to make it look a
little bit fancy we're going to use
grenadine which is pomegranate juice and
grab another flag let's stop let's just
do one of these make it look a little
different
oh it's really nice Bahama Mama all
right next one is a mojito so mojitos
more of a very lemony fresh clothes room
and we're going to be using Bacardi
Limon so this is good because they're
usually use our rum and since this is a
very lemony drink bacardi limon is a
lemony run so six counts and lemon lime
little squeeze the lemon little squeeze
a line a little bit of sugar grab my
handy-dandy bar spoon here get a little
bit of sugar sugar it up a little bit of
sweet and sour and club soda
club soda to break up that lemony face
and we're going to go ahead and garnish
that either with a lemon or a line you
can run your straws a couple times to
kind of mix it in their line and go
ahead and rim it so that adds flavor to
the rim very good looking drinks all
these rings are very good we got a
strawberry daiquiris strawberry daiquiri
this is going to be a blended drink but
I always pre make all my blended drinks
in the glass that way when you put it in
the blender there won't be anything left
over and it doesn't get watered down or
anything like that so it's going to
taste perfect so we're going to go with
rum and we can use my little boo room on
this one a little bit of sweet inside
back remix and such as a strawberry
daiquiri only go halfway get a little
lemony taste and then break the
strawberry mix up with a sweet and sour
there bit of that go ahead and throw
that in the blender and once we finish
blending it will fit exactly in your
glass won't be anything left over in the
blender then blending going to go ahead
and put it back in our glass
and we've got ready for our garnish
another flag
and trolls
robbery daiquiri